get_ip.py file
	1. pass the filename with the list of ip as command line argument
	2. the file containing the ip for which the tests are required to be done should in a specific format
	3. reads the data after the third tab and strips the trailing \n in the file
	4. stores the data in an array
	5. the array is passed as argument when calling the trailing python program perfsonar.sh
perfsonar.sh ip
	1. to run this program the ip is required to be provided as a command line argument
	2. creating directory specific to the ip provided in the command line argument
	3. executing curl query - to get the metadata from the archive
	4. creating the output file to store the metadata (touch command is used to create a file without any content)
	5. calling the python script for extracting the metadata
preprocess.py ip
	1. open the output of the first curl command to read and seperate the metadata
	2. open a new file to save the list of metadata
	3. count the number of metadata 
	4. create as many variable and store the metadata in the variablesas many as the metadata (storing the data is still not done i think - not sure)
	5. list down the metadata in the output file
	6. call the next script to get the throughput, ................... and ........... is
perf_get_throughput.sh ip
	1. open the output file
	2. Get the metadata one by one
	3. Create the directories for storing throughput, packet-loss,  packet-traces, sub-interval data particular to an ip 
	4. Execute the curl command to get the throughput, packet-loss,  packet-traces, sub-interval data particular to an ip
	5. Call the process-for-weka.py - preprocess the data for weka recognisable format
preprocess_rtt.py ip metadata
	1. Takes the rtt output file which is being generated from the event-type = packet-trace
	2. processes the data to get the 

process-data-weka.py ip metadata event-type
	1. calculating the number of datapoints
	2. preparing the file to be weka recognisable format
	3. rename the file to convert into weka recognisable format 

file should be the file with ip address present in it
ip needs to be replaced by the real ip address
metadata - 
event-type - throughput, packet-loss,  packet-traces, sub-interval data

